# Information We Collect

When you visit our website, we automatically collect certain information about your device,
including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that
are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse our website, we collect information about
the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to
our website, and information about how you interact with our website.

We collect the information using the following technologies:

- "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous
  unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
  http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- "Log files" track actions occurring on our website, and collect data including your IP address,
  browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.

# How We Use Your Information

We use the information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk, and more generally to
improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse
and interact with our website, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising
campaigns).

# Sharing Your Information

We share your information with third parties to help us use your information, as described above. We
also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use our website. You can read more
about how Google uses your information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You
can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Finally, we may also share your information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to
respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to
otherwise protect our rights.

# Behavioural Advertising

As described above, we use your information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing
communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted
advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.

You can opt out of targeted advertising here: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous.

Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising
Allianceâ€™s opt-out portal at: https://optout.aboutads.info.

# Your Rights

If you are a European resident, you have the right to access information we hold about you and to
ask that your information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this
right, please contact us through the contact information below.

Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in
order to fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business
interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside
of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.

# Minors

Our website is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.

# Modifications

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our
practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

# Contact Us

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have any questions, or if you would like to
make a complaint, please contact us through sending email to hi@wyvor.xyz.

_Last updated: 1 December 2020_
